(bright music)
- [Instructor] Are you ready to get your hands dirty?
In this challenge,
you will get a feel for experiencing
and then resolving a Java Virtual Machine
out of memory error.
As we observed in a previous video,
the DemoClient application has some bad JVM heat behaviors.
Your challenge is in two parts.
First, take advantage of that bed behavior
to force an OutOfMemory runtime error to be thrown
by the DemoClient application,
then fix the error.
For tips and hints and complete instructions,
you can see the repository file called CHALLENGE-JVM.
It can be found at the Root Directory of our Demo Repository
under CHALLENGE-JVM,
and you will find in that file instructions
and hints about how to be successful at this challenge.
Good luck.